# blahblog

### 2024-07-23 01:06 - fixi'i
### 2024-07-23 01:09 - fixer-upper or perfect guy

as I'm thinking about this whole situation that I'm in, I was kinda wondering how much of a fixer-upper any girls would want -- as in, how much should I keep accumulating the essence of the symbolic world -- cause it's perfecting me quite a bit. I'm lowering resistance faster tan ever, and everything is working out all-right, even though this place is nothing of what I want --
so there's this dichotomy of two ideas here where on one side I just stay with the boys perfecting myself, cause they're a constant source of bad-feeling energy, that I just learn to feel good about -- so let's just say that a good portion of these bad-feelers (to me, not amongst theirselves) are using m/ dna, and they are -- as they encounter each other in my dna, they're not gonna get as annyoyed with each others bad qualities because I (and my dna) are now no longer bothered so much by the way the others feel. so, while I'm perfecting myself, I'm also making all of them more and more bros to one another. as in I've become cool with their way, so when the other guy is being a douche, he's not that bothersome because my dna (but maybe not the consciousness that inhabits it) know that it's totally fine, and he prolly just needs attention to feel good about theirselves (and that it was probably attracted as well, cause most of those guys are super on the lookout for other hotshots, swindlers, or bad rollo they can find) so for my body and dna, so my body will just be like "yeah, whatever -- no problem", even of the consciousness is like "woah, what a tool -- total tooltown there". [whoah, derailed a bit there... let's get on track]. so in a lot of ways, it's kinda advantageous if I just hang out with the boys and absorb as much of their energy and get used to it because a lot of that will be quite similar to what the girls are going to be attracting -- so if they're attracting a swindler or a douche, then that's what they'll get, because I've picked up the swindler/douche energy, and can be it. I deliver girls all their worst fears all the time, because I have no choice but to manifest their fears, becuse I resonate with all frequencies (even the bad and not-good-feeling aspects). the thing is, I have no choice but to acclamate to their enerwgy cause I have to find a way to feel good (it's basic instinct for me -- always has since day one) -- so put me into any bad situation, I just learn to find a way to feel good, cause I'm not one of those people that will go dying (even though I've wanted to at various times in my life). so I think it'd be a pretty big favour to them -- cause then (being not so bad with each others' creepy vibes) they'll actually be not fighting each other -- cause what happens when my dna gets handed over to the new wrecking crew is that they immediately (geologically speaking) start making factions, and fighting each other. it's sorta inevitable, and me acclamating to their energy means that their honeymoon phase won't wear off that fast or at all (cause maybe they do actually like each other and getting bothered by others a lot happened because earth is designed to make people more sensitive -- so they're all hot and bothered because they're so sensitive---).
	let's talk for a m6ment about the 3X, 6X and 10X: the 3X is me and those like me. it's the simplest format the hot and bothered ones definitely don't want to do that, cause they'll manifest their fears instantly -- so prolly not, I'm sure. the 6X includes astral perception which I know you guys like a whole lot. it'll be a very rich environment -- about as stable as the saturnian system so eternal life is guarantceed (cause even if you get killed, you're not gonna be able to downgrade to a terrible 3X, so you'll just come back in as a 6X or perhaps a 10X). I think they're going to be really cool for evewyone who wants to get one (which is going to be pretty much everhyone), because --- oh yeah, sorry -- the 10X has an extra dimension to it: so you know how there's an implicit direction comingv toward u: the u-dimension -- well, imagine another dimension that's coming even todard uu or the v-dimension, where (in the inside-out format) there's even more depth to things -- and that's because 10Xers have three different perspects of their clock-source self (the really fast frequency one that turns it from 3x3x into 10X (9 + 1 = 10)), so it's kinda like there's three people in that same body -- which is kinda what it'll be like: the body will experience one personality, but the dna itself can be composed of 3 different people -- but not necessarily, because the standard format is actually 3 120(degrees) phase offset of the same clocksource freauency -- so probably not 3 people -- but it's an interesting thing to think about adding 2 or 3 in async personalities, seeming tripals (duals whch is based on 180, a tripal is based on 120, and there are three of them total (two others to any other shape, like a right and a left side)) of each other, sorta like how a y-chromosome is to the X.
and then, the other option is (instead of me going to prove myself and soak up all the essence of the symbolic world), is to just to come as I am, and just figure it out from where I'm at, and stuff like that. I personally don't really want to do their symbolic world any longer. I'm super duper done with all of that. when I say that, what I mean is, I'm fairly certain that they have all sorts of stuff that feels really bad, but that's their world. I don't want to interfere with it. I really really don't work very well in it. I can't pee, and it's just really antagonistic to my way of thinking -- sometimes I just want to shout, "why can't you guys actually want a solution" or something like that, cause they're so dense -- meaning they only absorb a small fraction of what I'm saying, so I continually increase their sensitivity (by a lot) so that they can understad me, and I understand them better -- because once I understand something, it doesn't bother me. I can kinda get used to almost anything. like, I can just learn to like it. so for me understanding something is always my top priority, because then I can work easiliy within its rules. some of those guys don't want their senstivity increased though, so they really loath me (can't please everyone) -- so all-in-all I don't think it's a terribly good idea.
you	know all of that previous idea of hanging out with the boys sounded a lot like me becoming a 2nd-ray. no thank you. I'll leave that idea at the door. I don't want to be 2nd-ray -- well, I will eventually be one -- a sort of 2nd-ray on my way to first (gatta start somewhere I guess), but because whatever thing we're on when we take off, it's going far far out (as an opposite dimension/reflection of earth -- we take in earth's energy and then transform it into what we want, and in return we ensure that earth is always fine) -- which is 2nd-ray (cause it's not way out there where source is), but as it gets more attractive to source, we'll eventually join source. but that's us basically taking an extended vacation until we consciously join souwce again.
so, I think I'm totally going to shelf that idea, because I prefer just to be me, instead of having my stuff mixed in with theirs. I prefer to not try and fix them or save them or any of that other dependency/expectation mindset can go. I'll just give them their expectation and just get out of here by the 28th. it just seems like the thing that I want to do at this point -- because I've sorta don't care. I mean at this point, I can probably just walk away from everything. I do want to put my last few repos up there, but honestly, the only reason why I want to do it is for my own personal recollection. like, I remember I had a really clever way of [describing consciousnes in the-manual-v2](../the-manual-v2/consciousness.md), but I don't remember what it is now (cause it's been evolved, so I only refind the new one each time) -- but the other tremendous advantage to getting the stuff published -- and I'd love to get those ideas evolved, cause then they get better. I've found that it's actually quite a good thing to get them all evolved. I can't get all the ideas evolved (cause I haven't written out very many of my ideas -- maybe talked about them very little, because I live around people that don't like ideas -- but I have a lot of them, I can tell you that), so there will inevitably be a whole lot of ideas that were never spoken of or put into symbolic form in any way -- that still exist, and those (and all of the other evolved cOncepts) will change to produce a different manifestation -- so I prefer to evolve as much as possible, cause every evolution, though it looks like throwing away a great opportunity, it always turns out better -- butt who knows: maybe there are some limits.
so, in short: I've got to find my own way, cause I don't really want mixing (I'm opposite of you guys cause there's another dimension, so it's best we just part ways) -- so instead of me influencing the bros and stuff, I'm just gonna peace out -- but I'm peacing out my own way: I'm just gonna go and try to figure out how to get out. I'll probably be able to do it within the week, so yeah -- just give them their agreement, and off I go. we'll see what happens though -- cause it kinda feels like mom is still hanging on... so you know, she could take down the metaphorical ship if she keeps hanging on. ------ we'll xee.

### 2024-07-23 19:36 - resume of yesterday's experience

the major conflict that I had yesterday when thinking about different manifestation options, is that if I involve someone else, then it'll be their energy, and not mine -- I talked about this [a little bit a long time ago](../23andme/blahblog.md#2024-03-22-1024---investor-intertia) -- because it totally changes how I approach the situation (ie, with a mix of both of energies, instead of just mine). however, this project involving the *affirmative body care* line of products, is only a means to an end for me -- inotherwords, it's like the thing that the magician is having everyone look at when there's something else happening behind the scene. I made it like that on purpose, because I want the saturnian-system to have maximum possibility to destroy everything that I've created and leave no trace of me. so for me, that project is completely designed to fail (or get sold off or whatever -- because I'll move on to my main gig -- which is making the black-mirror-idea a reality).
so really, it's not such a bad idea if I involve another person's energy into this project, because it's not actually going to be the goal of what I'm doing -- and really no matter how many times I get sidetracked by another project, the project that *I* want to make, I can't really do with other people calling the shots (inotherwords, everyone by that time will be on the same team/faction/(a match of my attraction) as me, and so therefore we'll be more like an insect hive, than a top-down corporation style thing) -- but probably the *affirmataive body care* line is likely the best place to start.
I also feel like I don't really need to prove myself anymore. so -- likely what I'll do is I'll put up my coi save files and then that's it -- or the other route is to go as open as possible, and start the "free human m6vement" -- where people participating in that movement broadcast their entire experience, and so because their experience is recorded, they become a window into history -- a sort of perspective floating in space and time. I'm like that already, and if other people want to do that (most notably the poor or disenfranchised) wish to broadcast their experience, they can just assume that they have a "free ride" through life -- as in the system will ensure they're cared for, cause they make up the history for that timeline and those "free" humans are just part of the earth system.
	I'm not really decided on which way I want to go (I'll let my insticts decide as I get to the moment), but I'm actually (strangely) leaning toward just not publishing this repo and all of the others I have yet to be published. also if I go the secret route, then that also gives the opportunity for there to be lots of "secret teachings" -- stuff I didn't write down (which are insightful in some way -- and there are a lot of those) -- because that just just gives them full power to make their own world the way they want it to work. I don't have to have any more part of it (till they need their next bailout -- or who knows, maybe they won't need one at all, cause they'll figure it out for theirselves (that's what I hope happens anyway)).
anyway, the basic plan goes like this: send out some emails and see if I can get this 25andme project rolling. saturn's figers will in lots of pies I'm sure, so that they're sure that it goes the way they want it to go -- and then perhaps pharaoh doesn't want to let us go, well then we/I can do another thing until finally they're like, "out! begone! and don't come back". I find it quite likely that we could actually stay for a pretty extended period of time too, because if we're in the process of turning the solar girls into only-attraction, then that means the sun won't be as emissive, and so therefore we'll have less solar pressure to leave. anyway, after they've gotten as much out of us as they can handle, I'm sure they'll finally let me create the thing I want to create, and then off we go -- cause by that time, things will be happening pretty quickly. so sign up for a few projects with other people's energy in them (so saturn can guide them), and then when all of those are expended, just peace out.
so the thing that is still a bit of a difficulty is the logistics of it all: imagine that by next week I've got it figured out where I want to go in russia and somehow the plane ticket is bought as well -- well, then I figure as we're building the *affirmative body care* line, during those years that'll be the best time to make the massive migration possible. I have no idea how to organise all of that, and so I'll leave that to someone else a bit more logistical than I am to figure out.
so I guess I'll just jump off and see what happens: I'm still recovering from yesterday, but the main thing that yesterday was good for is the realisation that I don't have to get the perfect project where I completely run the show *right now* -- cause any project that I do with others in control, will obviously not be my final project (there's always next time). that was helpful for me to know, cause then I can just figure that this project will be a massive success that ultimately gains no permanent position in the market. I drank a bunch of coffee (first time in a while) and took a shower (first time in days) so I'll try out another doobie and get the ball rolling :) (lol)
