# WSSR
## workers' shared soviet resources (name subject to change)

### 2024-06-30 12:31 - intro

I've had an idea, and I don't know how viable it is, but it's inspired greatly by the WRSR (workers and resources : soviet republic) game. in the game uncle vlad gives the player 10M rubles to start a republic over in a location near to vladivostok (near to mongolia/manchuria region). additionally 2M dollars are given as well -- the currencies can be used with the owner of that money (no exchanges - so no money shennanigans), and each side (western/soviet) offers different sets of vehicles, and immigrants of various education levels. from there, the player starts building their first town to provide workers for their industries they're going to setup. the idea is that the industries are going to need to eventually turn a profit because vlad will want his money back eventually (14y it was in the game if I remember correctly).
well, I decided I want to do something similar. here's the plan I've come up with so far:
1. I want to borrow money to fund those 14y, and it'll be a loan with a bit of a different set of terms to it: the interest rate will be fixed to the S&P500 index, which is basically setting the interest of the loan to the rate that tech advances worldwide in the top 500 companies selected for that index. I figure a (relatively high rate of interest accrument -- say continual or at least hourly/minutely), cause the interest on the loan will reflect the index's performance. inotherwords, if the index goes up 1% in an hour, then I have to pay 1% more of whatever the principal is, and then if it goes down 1%, I have to pay 1% less of the principal for that hour (I'm not 100% sure how loans calculate interest, so I'm sure this can perhaps change a bit to fit the whatever, but the general idea is to ensure the interest is tied to worldwide tech on a continuous rate (as close to the "natural log" as possible), allowing for more moment-by-moment action -- for people wanting to play futures and stuff -- crowdpleasing... :))
2. I also really like in the game where it has of self-driving vehicles, which can move material around without me needing someone to drive it for me -- because I don't drive. in a large scale project like this will be, it's probably a liability, and there's likely some safety issues there too,-- and also there'll likely be others like me also don't drive, yet somehow it'll be necessary to move some ridiculous amount of material around (say 1000t of gravel) to pave a road or construct something. I don't know about construction labour though -- cause that's probably a liability and safety concern as well(?) -- so I'm still thinking about that one.
3. I will split the time up into two 7y periods. the first 7y period will be for the creation of "[affirmative body lotion](/affirmative-body-lotion.md)" product that I've outlined -- cause that seems extremely doable. I figure it'll be possible to get the required tools and understanding necessary to make such a product in 7y or so. the product designed for the second period will be held a secret for a while; it's a little bit too big and too many things will likely change around the idea before we get there to really try and get it all figured out now. the primary goal is to build a product which is financially quite lucrative, and then from there, use that to fund the second one (also, by then, the loan will be massive, so anyone wanting to get out then maybe have an early exit (TBD)). I suspect that once we've proven ourselves, there will be another chance to invest/loan money to us for the second project.
4. the initial plan (which is all I can see now), is just getting to russia and finding a bunch of people that want to build a town that can house a bunch of people. once we're there and living and stuff, I feel like it'll be pretty obvious what to do next to start working on the product (for me, things just work out better when I just transition from one idea to the next naturally, instead of trying to plan everything out -- cause LOA just brings the necessary stuff around me to get to the next bit. I made tuenti like that, and if I don't have a boss telling me what to do, and long hard drinking sessions, I'm certain that quite a bit more can easily be accomplished with that way of doing things -- it's just follow my inspiration and keep people busy doing things that are going to be needed for the next phase). also, I really like the idea of starting out having to *construct* physical things cause that'll set a sort of style tone to it -- and I'm not yet sure if I want to make the roads grid or triangle based (just start with the easy physical stuff, instead of jumping right into my brain to start planning -- cause that doesn't work for me. everything I've accomplished hasn't really had a forward-looking plan for going forward (prometheus) but instead I just adjust as I go along, using *hindsight* (epimetheus) to see what things need to be improved to get better results). so, starting simple is really the way to go here.
5. my "republic" will have a specific set of (un?)rules to it -- and they're the following:
	- you are 100% responsible for your well-being -- meaning that the state will not provide any police, medical, schooling, or anything like that. there will be plenty of people out there with really great ideas about how to provide those services, and so I'll leave it to them to figure what services they want and what services they want to offer.
	- I don't plan on having any alcohol, but I'm not going to disallow it. I just don't really want to participate in it. alcohol isn't the most productive way of going for me, and I don't want it to be the focal point of the endeavour either (ie, like in USSR or in tuenti). all drugs are defocusing for me, and I won't prohibit a person from defocusing, just once I have something that I want to be doing, I want to actually be doing it, until it's time to defocus and go exploring mentally -- which is totally fine on occasion. (that's my personal preference, everyone is allowed to do whatever they want to be doing (all of the time))
	- there are no real rules -- and I don't really plan to have a plan either. in fact, the whole goal of the experience is to start thinking like a 1st-ray, which means that I want everyone to always be doing whatever they want to be doing (no judgment either) -- so if someone wants to smoke weed for a few months before getting the vision, well I guess we'll just have to wait until they get bored of it. I'm not going to tell anyone what to do, and I'm not going to supress any ideas either. try out the ideas -- and just see what works -- cause often that's precisely the way that my intuition leads me to an solution I've been looking for -- or puts me in the right spot for another person to show up.
	- the republic will "own everything" -- but it's all freely available -- so if you want to take 100t of steel and make a super modern art project, give it a go; -- the resources are available, and our production capabilities should be able to keep up with anyone's desire.
	- figure it out for yourself. when I say that, the idea that I have is that we'll all have individual ideas, and we'll each figure out how to go in the direction of them. personally, when I start out on something, I like to copy someone who appears to know what they're doing, and then adjust their ideas to be done the way I want them done. I also ask for help/directions/etc all the time (for the start), but then try and figure it out for myself (others have different ways). my vision is	that this town will not have a guiding luminary to it at all, and the thing will just work itself out -- kinda like a bunch of automatons/insects all somehow producing a larger scale project without really any direction other than a general idea~(which is just a concept/feeling). so, for example: we're going to need to learn how to interact with fats and make them softer and stuff -- and that's got a whole bunch of things that will eventually go into its understanding, so it'll be obvious what's needed to figure it out (like OK, how do we isolate fat to run experiments on it? -- fat is mostly hydrogen, so how do we interface with it vibrationally? -- like what does it respond to?, etc). even if you replicate someone else's work on the same subject, it's perfectly fine and it's not considered (by me) to be lost work, because that work (though replicated) will offer the experience of putting the pieces together and figuring it out *for the individual*. or, copy someone else and learn it that way (everyone learns a little differently, and everyone has to figure it out, *their way*). remember, we're maximising diversity, not stamping out factory copies of things (factory copies are the things we make, not us).
	- I don't believe in time (limits, goals, deadlines, etc.) -- cause they're not helpful. I like to just focus on what's interesting to me until I get a new idea. that form of being seemingly has much more time than a person who is time-conscious. I know there are 7/14y deadlines and stuff, but that's a long way away, and it's really not helpful at all to look at those things. I like to have extremely short-focused perception of time (what I'm doing now) and then when I get a new idea, that's what I'm doing now -- and that style of perception allows me to go for long periods of time working on various things, without really worrying about what is the time. I don't think clocks are necessary (though it's probably a good idea to have a knowledge of what day it is, I don't think time shoulds really be such a thing (do stuff when you want to do it -- (btw, in the WRSR, night only happens only every few days/weeks or so, and there's an option to keep it always daylight -- which may actually be a reality once we discover how to cause CO2 to glow and provide ambient light)))

### 2024-07-014 14:27 - WRSR as a concept

I play a lot of captain-of-industry because I like the game as a concept. all things are conveyor belts and are fed continuously. you start out with trucks which bring things over in loads (also cargo ships), but the end goal of the game is to use the trucks to modify the terrain of the island enough to become self-sustainable (not dependent on the outside world). coi also doesn't have any money to it, and all extra-normal activities use "unity" -- or the power of *belief* to perform a task (ie, this is the symbolic world of miracles and healing that's seen so often in church and charismatic gatherings like festivals and stuff -- requires many people believing a similar thing (unity) to perform these kinds of miracles). coi is also all about speed and interoperability of components in the factory (I like to think of the whole factory running only on belts as a sort of microprocessor where bits of data/units are processed into another unit/data) -- at least at the beginning of the game -- cause lategame has really low output numbers for laptops and electronics and stuff -- kinda backwards from reality -- so again symbolic world where complex things are more difficult. I personally don't ever play coi up until the lategame though because I like getting my factory to work well and operate without needing to constantly micromanage things. I like the challenge of taking a truck and excavator world of big loads and turning it into a continuous world of belts and pipes which create something bigger from the process as a whole. [TODO_more]
this is quite a sharp contrast to WRSR as a game which is not an island (you've got a border, which means that there's always interaction with another faction of some kind). I'm doing my own thing now, but that "own thing" is in constant interaction with the borders. afaik, the goal of the game isn't to become independent of the border, but to instead find a way to maximise profits in exchange with the border (the bigger the load, the more profits can be made, so bigger trucks and trains are a big feature). money is the start of the game, and it seems to be the end goal of the game as well -- not individuality or sustainability. WRSR is also considerably more micromanagement heavy (especially for trains). I have to manually set the route that each vehicle should take, instead of just letting the game's AI (which I wish was better) just figure out the optimal route and get the jobs done. another component is that things (outputs/inputs/productivity/capacity) in the game are static and don't change or fluctuate, which I don't feel is very accurate because a worker day one on the job will work less productively than later, and a person who walks once a year will be able to walk only short distances, whereas a person with a lot of walking experience (greater health and stamina, etc) will be able to walk further (though they may not want to). also, desire is completely ignored in the game as well, as it seems that workers operate like robots, and don't actually follow their own desires. improvement should be happening all the time, especially in technology sectors -- and also unimprovements as well (like for example propaganda will work better at the beginning then get worse, but for example advertising will improve with time as better marketing formats are discovered). [TODO_more]
there are a number of other conceptual differences between the two games, but I'll be drawing ideas off of both. for example, in the plan above, it's easy to see that I've taken the idea of the trucks being fully autonomous and just figure out the route that they want to take to get the job done into consideration as my implementation of how the members of my republic will operate (not at all like in WRSR). also, it's pretty easy to see that the end goal of my vision for the republic is complete sustainablity and complete independence from all borders (ie, we should be creating atoms and putting them into the locations that are necessary to create the material/product that we desire -- no limits) -- so I take that from COI as well. also, I really strongly prefer the idea of belts and pipes as the method of transport because it's *continual* -- and for me, I'm moving away from the masculine world of big loads/explosions, and *continually* feeling the way I want to feel (less large up and down swings typical of a symolic/status/state change).
I guess that's good for now. I've never actually seen a game that plays in a way that's similar to how I perceive reality -- probably cause I don't think it'd be that much fun (actually "artifact collector" is kinda like that where things infinitely scale, but that game is the perception of constant enemies/forces coming at me trying to get me, which isn't like my form of perception at all). games (which is the symbolic world) require a sort of challenge or difficulty to them, where the player has to perform *actions* to solve the problem -- which is sorta (again), not really what my world is like (I just feel a way and reality-kenny does the typing, says the thing, etc. it's a very very easy and effortless world -- not much difficulty at all). that's not something that can easily be modeled in a game, where feeling drives the game (though I've wanted to make games that can do it, there's large resistance to making a system where a person can interact with a computer emotionally -- it's possible even today (AI for recognition of the concept, but then that performs *actions*), though that's not the way I'd want to do it). I see coi as a picture of starting over in my own little world isolated from everyone else -- but in practicality that island will have to come at the *very end* of my time on earth, as I've stated many times that the final goal is to take the red star in the centre of the earth out and go off to the far reaches of the universe with it (on my own little island) -- so I see the WRSR game as a sort of bridge or means to and end to make that happen (gatta start somewhere, and making physical profits by exchange with the border seems a good place to start).
